docs: update createFromIconfontCN scriptUrl new array usage (#23704)
ant-design/ant-design: components/icon/demo/scriptUrl.md

---
order: 4
title:
  zh-CN: 使用 iconfont.cn

>   en-US: Use iconfont.cn

Reviewer: 标题要修改一下。

---

## zh-CN

> `4.1.0`以后，`scriptUrl` 可引用多个资源，用户可灵活的管理 [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) 图标。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@ant-design/icons@4.1.0` 以后，`scriptUrl` 可引用多个资源，用户可灵活的管理 [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) 图标。
```

> `@ant-design/icons@4.1.0` 以后，`scriptUrl` 可引用多个资源，用户可灵活的管理 [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) 图标。

Reviewer: 说明一下重名时的覆盖关系。

## en-US

> you can use `scriptUrl` as an array in version `4.1.0`. you can manage the icons in [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) gracefully;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `scriptUrl` as an array after `@ant-design/icons@4.1.0`, manage icons in one `<Icon />` from multiple [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) resources.
```

```jsx
import { createFromIconfontCN } from '@ant-design/icons';

const IconFont = createFromIconfontCN({
  scriptUrl: [

>     '//at.alicdn.com/t/font_8d5l8fzk5b87iudi.js', // icon-tuichu,icon-twitter,icon-facebook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    '//at.alicdn.com/t/font_8d5l8fzk5b87iudi.js', // icon-tuichu, icon-twitter, icon-facebook
```

>     '//at.alicdn.com/t/font_1788044_3njz4jrnujz.js', // icon-shoppingcart,icon-javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    '//at.alicdn.com/t/font_1788044_3njz4jrnujz.js', // icon-shoppingcart, icon-javascript
```

---
order: 4
title:

>   zh-CN: 使用iconfont.cn的多个资源

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  zh-CN: 使用 iconfont.cn 的多个资源
```

>   en-US: use multiple resources from iconfont.cn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  en-US: Multiple resources from iconfont.cn
```

---

## zh-CN

> `@ant-design/icons@4.1.0`以后，`scriptUrl` 可引用多个资源，用户可灵活的管理 [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) 图标。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@ant-design/icons@4.1.0` 以后，`scriptUrl` 可引用多个资源，用户可灵活的管理 [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) 图标。
```

Reviewer: 英文也要改下。

## zh-CN

`@ant-design/icons@4.1.0` 以后，`scriptUrl` 可引用多个资源，用户可灵活的管理 [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) 图标。如果资源的图标出现重名，会按照数组顺序进行覆盖。

## en-US

You can use `scriptUrl` as an array after `@ant-design/icons@4.1.0`, manage icons in one `<Icon />` from multiple [iconfont.cn](http://iconfont.cn/) resources.

```jsx
import { createFromIconfontCN } from '@ant-design/icons';

const IconFont = createFromIconfontCN({
  scriptUrl: [

>     '//at.alicdn.com/t/font_1788044_0dwu4guekcwr.js', // icon-javascript, icon-java, icon-shoppingcart(被覆盖)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    '//at.alicdn.com/t/font_1788044_0dwu4guekcwr.js', // icon-javascript, icon-java, icon-shoppingcart (overrided)
```
